Update number platform for ohme (#37401)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ohme.markdown

- **Target percentage**
  - **Description**: Sets the charge target for your vehicle.
  - **Available for devices**: all
- **Preconditioning duration**

>   - **Description**: Sets the length of time to precondition your vehicle before the target time. 0 is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Description**: Defines how long to precondition your vehicle before the target time. `0` means preconditioning is disabled.
```
